docs(version-8.8,version-8.9): backport agent lint rule reference pages from next (#9574)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/reference/modeling-guidance/rules/agent-tool-output-key.md

Results written by arbitrary FEEL expressions elsewhere, such as a variable set by a called process, cannot be detected statically. Ignore the warning or make the result wiring explicit with an output mapping.

> Overwrite detection is also skipped for any tool flow that branches, for example a gateway split, a join, or a boundary event, even when the branches are guaranteed to converge before the next write. Review these flows manually for overwrites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overwrite detection is also skipped for any tool flow that branches, such as at a gateway split, join, or boundary event. This applies even when the branches are guaranteed to converge before the next write. Review these flows manually for potential overwrites.
```
